sing physics the moon hits the earth and a architecture of long trees cushion it to safe landing to a dual sphere world.

baby gremlins:

I like Flatland.

I can see  up and down. And all around.
What's behind me? What is afterlife? I can see behind me. Ha! Kidding.
Elder feels different than us. He sees a different tree.
The watcher knows all. He controls it all and he could quit at all times.
The watcher is a she!
She protects us. I think...
A scientist discovered something known as "layers". That changed everything.
He discovered it in  his garden while gathering a meal. He noticed the food had been as he described "on both sides at once"

I wonder if the women in flatland have big boobs
or small boobs

I've studied it my friend. and it's true. They come together to form little one. And then, they are two. I think.
gremlinitas have small boobs i reckon
i dont know if they have kids normal way because they go into the Cell and never come back
but they think that it's really important to enter the cell like all of life depends on it
so its a big ritual
*Annoyed* Jeez, what kind of cartwheels do I have to pull?
I like spinning everywhere. Check out these bicepidos. What? No, that's a wormipido. These are for kibckball!
I'm spamming the town with advertisements for my local event. It's a kickball tournament.
I cibsuder every gremlin and lesser beast a friend... The wasps wing demon, though.
consider *
A wasp pinched my skin really tight. Ouch. We just seperated.
I can't believe it, we just bet, but it just clicked. He wasn't a circle. But he was just so pointy. It hurts you know? I wanted him to go away but he got to me so deep. Ouch.
we just met *
In Flatland, it's hard to get some privacy, so people watch what you are doing. It;s okay though because everyone is happy.
We're dancing on the shoulders of giants
This is imperitive you listen. You're going to have to pay attention. From here on out, everything you see and hear is kind of a myster. In Flatland everything is basically as it seems but... in the Cell.
Well Moss Grimstone proved the existence of layers. A simple reflector that is most clearly visisble and you just need to run the angles and it all checks out... But I don't have to do the math for you, you understand that surely.
Watching the screen flicker was incredible. The whole world stunned in silence.
Watch life, and you just might learn something. Gremlin eyeballs are complex and were not sure how we can see so much when its completely enclosed in skin... Oh. sorry.  You can't say for certain what is inside until you open the door. That is what makes the eye so unique. No one is really sure why we go up or down, either.
When you enter the cell, you will surely be tested. You only get one shot. The lives system, an ancient relic. Proven false. There is only one life in the cell and it's proven via the trance property.
So be careful!
Remember we don't know for sure what's on the other side. Most of this is educated guesses, but some are based on facts!
We know you'll be together until the very end.
You gotta stay alive! I'm just sure of it. Just neither of you die at all, okay?
It's gonna be everything you practiced for. Training is proven. We could not have survived so long this way if it were not the case. Training must be done. All male gremlins must enter the Cell. You will train eachother.
And you will become one with the machine, and not with eachother. You will always  be one with yourself. Oh, and this is sort of a buzz word, but do what feels right.
Challenge eacother. The machine - it gives a reading. It mostly goes up and down but if you watch it you can find a lot of meaning it's fascinating!

ah man theres probably like a thousand dead gremlins in the cell
and gremlims are morons
*He adds in the dialogue that there is most certainly not thousands of dead male gremlins in the cell*

Mostly, we get bigger until the very end. The big pinch. They say in the end it hurts. It can hurt a lot. For you and for me, okay? So take this seriously.. And remebmer it has to happen.
The training is evidence, not proof.
I'm wracking my brain here thinking of more clues for you two. Keep me company, I'll think of some new ideas.
I bet you can determine the readins meaning if you could just somehow look into the cell experience....
___
Kickball unites us all. All is fair in love and kickball.
We're learning more about flatland every day
flatland has a lot of detail if you pay attention.
It must be really tight in the cell... yikes!
The cell is important, but you don't really have to study it. Scientists spend a lot of time studying it for you.
It's incredible what two people can do in a cell, I believe.
It;s iportant to be aware of  each others movements while playing kickball
If you look in front of you there is positioned a singular SPACE bar. That is important
When you enter the cell be careful, Sure, have your fun as all gremlins do.
But if you ever get in trouble just PRESS the SPACE bar!
Go ahead. Give it a try. It's time to enter the containment vesicle of the Cellular device.
Keep your eyes open, the jump will be over in a pinch
People are curious about where the jump brings them, or how they get there. It;s all about the secrets behind mechanical leverage
You can't imagine how beautiful it must be on the other side. No really! It's impossible.
From this point forward your future is uncertain. This however, is certain.
You're going to die. There is just no way to get around it.
Two gremlins enter. None return.
You cannot deny that fact.
Via the conservation of the cell, we know that death is imminent.
Pinch or pull, scrape or fall, we ?????not be sure at all
You're going to be aheaed of the curb. On the edge. Flying higher over gremlin landscape processing and visualizing a story of your very own. Isn't that wonderful?
Oh right. That reminds me. You gotta use the CELL inside the CELL. Isn't that weird? But it's true, science has proven it!
If you don't have the cell, I say find it.
Try pushing all sorts of stuff around or get a good look of the lay of the land.
Watch out for spikey sharp things or things that move really fast or are on fire.
Don't let it get to your head though, it's not rocket science. Any gremlin can do this.
----
inside the cell....
Hey you! It's us! We're you. You're us. Cool, right? I think we're you from the future. We're from a past. The passed! It's long since past. And we talk now. Isn't that cool?
We know you can sort of understand us. Because we were once you. And here we are. Oh, we think we're here to tell you something
See that ball? That;s the cell.
We got a good feeling that it's something important. Don't travel too far from it anbd keep it safe okay? You're gonna want to make sure that thing doesn't get damaged.
From here on out you're going to want to get as many points as possible.
We're not sure what they are for but we have a BUNCH of them!
They sure do feel nice.
I just love getting new points.
They're just like my old points, but better.
When you use the cell you two guys share points.
You only have so many points to get, so don't mess things up for yourself. Have fun!
We're hoping the points give us karma. That would be so cool!
-- in the village **
My house is so cool I filled it with all my favorite stuff. Awesome!
Man, sometimes I just feel lost, you know? Where am I?
It sure is nice out. It's always nice here!
It's never not good.
The Twinfiknights changed everything
CHATTER OVER