Gremlins live forever and with a pair of cool shoes! Happy ending!
 
 
http://pastebin.com/WuD52HCZ
 
2:36am gremlin hunting http://imgur.com/a/8R3ou#4 and http://imgur.com/a/3aoMi - Pastebin.com
pastebin.com
Tell me to stop whenever.
The origin of the cell. Long ago we llived in a different lives. In flat land. Fighting crime. Doing whatever. All of those forces were at play.
Every day threatinging the peaceful existance of what it is to be a just of one gremlin instance
That;s right
Death and suffering were happening. Common.
This was long before the accretion of abooks and wise passings of our youthful genisis with the device
In facet if you took closely at the writings you see.
A convergence point and this point is said to be the origin of the cell . To date it's creation . To a certaity. Is an impossibility. We gremlins are very  good with probability
 
Woah.
You had me at "hello."
 
The earliest of all known books is the genesis device.It's ocated at the gighest locked door in the great library
Its said that t oopen that door someone lives ago hard cemented our destiny into the fabric of the cosmos.
I don't get it
 
Brother, this is way above my intelligence level.
 
Just to peer into the eyes of our big brother gremlin he says, sets the course on us.
The genesis device. Simple a book! It briefly descibes the functionality of the cellular gensis device. And how to restart the machine if it needs maintanence
It descrives it's secondary solar power source which provides the town with an airt of relaxed acceptance
It ecen so briefly descrives th eimprtance of the cell.
Walk. -> This is what they called the cellular journy.
The cell represents a new grain. A gremlin History. A progressive era. Change is good! They say, but it sure is great. Let's participate!
It I think is supposed to be a cheer...
The genesis Device it certainly is the most influential script on our scholars
Luckily we have a few copies.
It's pretty common but we don't try to force it on anyone.
There is no need anyway it's so hard to get a chance with it
We like to keep things simple
We don't know anything about them but they have  stopped many craetive woemen from building little stories in their head
The Twinfiknights
They cracked the Genesis Device
A virtual reality where starving Gremlins could after all, leave the world of Flatland. Is it itself one of the reality. The Genesis Device. Ray! Hoo ray!
Is a clue to you, Beteljuce. And To Rygal.
Change the world.
The last moment of virtualization. Is the catching. Or deflection if you will. After this point. FLATLAND IS SAVED!
But how would you their unrecure the thunnes virtual  reality?
You just plain old can't
Perhaps an energy store. Or some sor of .... Ohh. Ouch. Unexplained for weeks! But it blue screens.
A watch dog timer perhaps...
Tjey are ;pst tp catcj tje ,ppm/
Their death triggers a massive reboot of the system. Abd akk if tge biy grenkubs tgat were cibtaubed iun the cell are released at once like sonic
I bough the walkthrough it says go right
I'm sorry Ryfal but there is only  one egg in this cell and you can't go with me.
I'll turn you into the rus of my cipher.
Whart is encryption Are we emcryptred all father? Here in Flatland?
***
Turns out he was playing a little pinball on the side ***
Hmm.... I have an itch
Imagine in a gigantic alien slimy thing. And all the time you are just prcessing info everywhere all at once
pretty goofy right
Push up!
When you are far in town enough it's all just sticks and balls! ha!
oUR BELLIES GIVE US ENERGY TO THE SUN.
wE GO TO THE SUN AND IT HIDES SO WE WRITE OUR LIFE AND WE THINK AND KNIFE THE SPACE AND TIME
woah capslock
HAMFISTEDLY CLUTCHING NERVOUS TWERK JER LURKING OVER PARKING LOTS LIFTING WALLETS OFF OF SHOPPINGCARTS
The shifting sand sinks encoded lives. You shift body sand creating matter and time
Even the untimely demise of an unlucky gremlin, but a wringle inspace and time.
We are maintaining a space bessil and in this way we are a master of the house.
Floating close ro to the edge of time. A symphjony of chemical proportions
The first thin, I remember. Was a big van. A space vesel. We made pieces of the town. To make a real map
We're sure to get lost in yourt mind, you iknow. I tell oyu
feel freee to ask querstions
^
We don't gain much strength.
I am born. REpborn. Along a plane and I'm in tour alititude and youre specific spetive same paitch yaw and roll. Andf I'm mostly waling your way.
We're just waotmg fpr tje c;pcl tp tirm pver at his point
clock to turn over
My friends inside me make me one. Thanks liil bros. Hella tight
I'llWould you ever eat at Sherwood foerest? Jeez I Sherwood
Go as close as you can to without crashing into the shores. Of infinity!  If you can't marriage that, just stay away.
Now remember the big one the one underneatrh you.
The big one isn the sky don't really matter as much as he does
But yes they matter
Bug time they matter.
Tiny things caught in tiny spaces, right my lovelies/
Where is it stored if we truly are virtual machines
Where is the vurtaul machine
We gave data. We get input so we must store it somewhere
We're in deep crunch mode right now
Take molecules we need right at the dge of the reaction my little firend.
My hot cruncheed coiled hans is filter to a new idea
My righ is an ew filter but what gets through? Each eye is a filter
Our input data is filters. Messed upa mnd munged
Flipped and put somwhere else
We need to know wher esymbols are in space and time. We can store N at a time.
I can feel the aches of my input and output
I can feel the contents of my perioud
That's right God Pablov Drink some beer baster
master*
Ha!
Can you talk to me or I talk to you? We each get a piece of the time at the microphone I imagine, or maintain. A mountain or lake
I think one you arnd I are one conciousness. Why would I write it and feel true if false?
We are sodifferent and we are made different
If I were driving different vessels t han maybe it would be so different
Michael maybe you have a shorter or longer choromosome that affects your function
Some are demon. They too are different. One love. It's too out of control. Too fast towards infinity.
I'm on the edge of though tree. I have a whole tree though. I'ts just a little bent.
We want a nice mountain landsacpe line segment with a not too much death and chaos and destruction
Wxplore in sandboxes Nest your sandboxes and don't get buried in mass in fact reject mass and boredom.
Ralize the importance of rest and rejuvination.
It's called a batterty.
My energy is not from rejuection but from these stores
There stores can be damanmaged or abused so we use
Pain rings true like a string
Estimate your material and strategize then process it correctly.
Every time you lookk at the clock you are paradoxically losing time
But that goal is pointless this is just a pain for gold
You you work to do make it have again!
Even though Flatland may seem massive would you find balance? With eachother. Becoming wonderfully powerful again
Don't fight matter with matter
You can't win threwar so smash and fight
or use a different stategy
Use energy wisely
Furled burly sitters decompiles compiled piles of mixed up smiles old things and cold places hot moments and huge spaces
The moment! The push forward and shatter back. Panic attack!. Leave now and never come back
Baby scribed time why lime? Rhyme . WHy. Time. Hi! My. we . you . mine. why. time. lline. mountain. tree. line. sign. cosine. fine? Double fine!  Hey, that rhymed.
http://pastebin.com/WuD52HCZa
 
2:36am gremlin hunting http://imgur.com/a/8R3ou#4 and http://imgur.com/a/3aoMi - Pastebin.com
pastebin.com
Branches grow away from eachother  but some sort of towards eachother as well
Purchased worth. each window curse. A dot on a line Iinside your mind.
 
Are you intoxicated?
 
3:58am
Essential every matter has some gravity to it. You must aware of them
Many creatures aspire flight and mobiliyu. Itt allows us to process much information through animation
Keep it regal. DOn't offend a cat. That stuff will keep with you anyhow
You'll need to be a captain of forever. We're all in this together
no man just writing my free writing out
feel fine
If we can represent my body as a fucntion of a line? Or a line segment. We can porobably do that for the entire universe.
I can definitely maybe feel the control. The control to give pieces their infromation. Each piecea active in my command.
The story teller lives a different life
GREMLIN DIALOG
The love travels along the line segment. one live. Even if you dont see it. it is theree.
some where. and its possibly so far away you aren't even sensing it
Keep it to one until you need two, Then you can feel how much 2 is from one. That's my motto.
Can you feel it now when you are so far away? It might be hidden from view.
Massive chalice passed malice future bright with sweaty delight
See your buddy?
Look at how big he is
He is so much bkgger than you
He's moved and changed
And time has growed him by
See the grass?
I'ts o new and fresh
Devour new world
Don't be afraid it.
Afraid to spread yourself around.
You earned it
You matter
IF you don't, be sure to check
Lesbian Hair Job
Everthing in front of us is just not a little pieces
As the scene ocean roars and the beasts purr so does Flatland. Vibrate with a beautiful sillver urr and if ever there was sernity it is here
In Flatland
We are trees roots and leafs. To some of us. The kids need to grow up and you don't become a hero by playing games
We can maximse surface area but that doesn't help much for mobility
I'm one of the girls
we sacrifice
I can feel the venom coursinmg rthrough him
Remember, mobiility, shifting sand never sticks
When we break we destroy. Seperate but it happens through infinite geometry
Madagascar 3. The woman is not as distant to travel. There is no more then content to just sit at themselves into one space
It seems to be missing seals
We attached to the Flatland and it grounded ushere. But not for all land is ias fertile and nicey good.
Take what they see at wasps. What they see doesn't us at all.
Take that at face value and but what do you see? It's hard to believe that all you see is not. All that is. But lets face it. There are  plent yo fnots. and it's not so flat in Flatland!
Children will make stores about the land curved rough bugy wingy. Old timers don't like it and our mothers so soft.
So most of us. About remember. And out naturual mothers. We integrate quickly. and then. Playtime! Action. Go! Training. Academy. A man quest. Work and go!
Who is your mother? Do you even know?
There ius only one chemistry. One Flatland. However we may see vibrations from nearby dimenstions.
Inconclusive
Work can be pleasure but it always is work.
It if it fades we have mercy. A memory.
We get hallucination from the chaos you know. That hits, or our sorts of eyes. Things are not always as they seem
Whenever you go into a bigger room, how do you feel?
We feelbetter when we master functional space. But how much space/? What is the %? We Gremlins deal in the odds, not like those blasted wasps. Think, damn you, think!
In my life I just use as much functional space as possible. Or I just use or do something. But now how much is too much? Should we just feel like we pretty much used it all? Or went right through? Tough call.
Reach8ing is not the same as stretchuingyou know. Push your limits kid and kick that ball!
We want comfort but we can seek it. We're destined to be clouds floatin ggracesfully in the sky
That's the thing. We just like change but if we chagne so fast snap. We get a point. A fracture
Crazy people say sometthing until ti comes true
Maybe I look distracted but I'm panning for gold in a frozenriver
sometimes i feel lime I'm floatinmg on water
Life is so intense!
That's it bye!